A soldier in camouflage prepares to fire a rocket launcher from a defensive position.
The rocket launcher is fired, showing smoke from the barrel.
A distant explosion creates a large cloud of smoke and dust.
Two soldiers in camouflage lie prone on the sand, one aiming a sniper rifle and the other observing with binoculars.
Close-up shot of a hand adjusting the scope on a sniper rifle.
A soldier looks through a pair of military binoculars, labeled "Leica Vector".
An overhead view shows a soldier adjusting the scope settings on the sniper rifle.
Close-up of a soldier's face looking through a "Schmidt Bender" rifle scope.
Two soldiers in a trench, one aims a rocket launcher while the other crouches next to a red flag.
The soldier fires the rocket launcher, creating a cloud of smoke and dust.